Yves: HaSeul is dressed like a bird
Yves: And now she has a...
Kim Lip: has a wide back!
Yves: Right, wide back!
HaSeul: How do I look? Pretty?
HaSeul: Don't I seem like a queen of birds?
(The queen bird is dancing...)
HaSeul: Do you know the ostrich dance?
HaSeul: However I heard it's not suitable for a girl group!
(So they are doing more sutible dance for a girl group!)
HyunJin: Hi, this is Kim PD
HyunJin: You can see that Lip and bird Haseul are hanging out together.
HyunJin: You look like a tribal chief, not a swan!
HaSeul: They told me not to dance anymore because of the feather~
(HaSeul took off the her bird clothes, and sit on the nest)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / HaSeul - Let Me In"
HyunJin: She really looks like..
HeeJin: A bird, right?
HyunJin: Bird...
HyunJIn: I completely became a bird!
(*HyunJin is singing "Bird" by Psy)
HeeJin: Anyway, I think the bird nest is so beautiful!
HaSeul: I love it!